Fix sed issue on OSX (#699)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: README.md

$ operator-sdk build quay.io/example/app-operator
$ docker push quay.io/example/app-operator

> # Update the operator manifest to use the built image name (if you run on OSX, see note below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Update the operator manifest to use the built image name (if you are performing these steps on OSX, see note below)
```
